Utilize `aria-describedby` on all `ActionList` descriptions (#4666)
primer/react: .changeset/lovely-days-march.md

---
'@primer/react': patch
---

> Adds `aria-describedby` to `ActionList` inline descriptions, adds `aria-labelledby` to `ActionList.TrailingVisual`

Author: ```suggestion
Adds `aria-labelledby` to `ActionList.TrailingVisual`, making it part of the accessible name of `ActionList.Item`
```
